Following the same pattern we saw for the fields of a class,
we can also get the methods from within a class.
Suppose we have a Person class called Class.
We have three methods to get the methods from that Person class.
The first one is the getMethod.
That is going to return a single method.
We pass the name of that method to the getMethod method call and then
the types of the parameters in the right order.
So here,
what we want to get is the setName method that takes a string as a parameter,
which is, obviously, the setter method of the name field of that class.
If this method takes several parameters,
then we will add the other types of the other parameters after the first one.
And we also have a getDeclaredMethod that is going to return
all the methods from within that class, whether they are public,
protected, or private,
and a getMethods method that is going to return all the public methods
declared on that class and all the super classes of that class.
So if you try this getMethods on any class,
you will see all the methods from the Object class since they
are public and since all the classes in Java are inheriting
this Object class by default.
And then we have patterns to get the constructors of a class.
A constructor can be seen as some kind of a method, but, in fact, it is not.
And within the context of the Reflection API,
it is modeled by a class that is the constructor class.
The first pattern is the same as the method or the field ones.
It is just a getConstructor method that takes the types of
the parameters taken by this constructor.
If we want to reference on the empty constructor of that class,
then we do not need to pass anything to this getConstructor method call.
And then we have a clss.getDeclaredConstructors that is going to return
the array of all the constructors defined within that class and
getConstructors with an S that returns the array of all the public
constructors declared in the Person class.
The constructors of the super classes are not included in this array,
which is a difference with the corresponding methods, getFields or getMethods, that do return elements from the super classes.